there's something really magical when
you get people together in a room to
brainstorm as opposed to just like being
a little box on a screen also it's so
fun to figure out how tall people are
after only hang out with them on Zoom
for the last couple of years we are
sassers let's do it
faster I just met all these cool
Founders that are really excited to
learn more and I love that Community
what other conference has literally this
amount of great minds in one place
[Music]
SAS companies are I believe powering the
future of innovation on the internet and
nowhere is that more evidence than in
the world of SAS and I think when I look
around here at saster I just see
Innovation and I see the best that the
tech world has to offer this is Tech
this is SAS right and I love just being
here and the energy most of the best
playbooks are inside the minds of the
leaders who've gone from IPO to IPO or
founding company to founding company and
because they're busy that's not public
right and how can you accelerate
everyone's learnings to create better
experiences you bring them together a
great form like this where you can have
events with people much smarter than me
on stage and deep workshops and
networking and this is like the
heartbeat of SAS we'll have 1700
mentorship and great day sessions where
everyone's sharing this mentorship and
brain dates was nascent for us before
the world game now it's our Hub maybe
next year we'll have 2500. it's amazing
icam disaster six years ago and I was
blown away I learned so much and I was
like one day I'm gonna speak here so
here I am customers in the US I think
that we're meeting all at the same time
it's a collaboration it's the
conversation and it's even more
important now than before so you have to
be here if you're in sex
foreign
[Music]